Leticia Pinto Alva: Leticia is a third year PhD student working at Interaction and Glamor's Lab. Her research focus is multimodal AI for Health care. Her current project is detecting early signs of dementia in the elderly using machine learning tools. The project's current state is collecting data with our collaborators at the USC Alzheimer Disease Research Center.
Nathan Dennler: Nathan is co advised by Maya in the interaction lab and Stefanos Nikolaidis in the ICAROS lab. Their work focuses on enabling robots to adapt to different users' preferences, particularly in the case of limited mobility. Nathan's work has two main research directions. Identifying what robot attributes people have preference for and ways that robots can adapt these attributes. To identify these attributes Nathan collected a dataset of robot embodiments and user ratings of social and functional performance. To adapt these attributes, Nathan has developed ways for socially assistive robots to modulate their feedback for rehabilitation games for children with cerebral palsy, and for robot arms to assess functional improvements in post-stroke participants.
A'di Dust: This is A'di's desk. A'di is a first-year PhD student with a BA in Computer Science from <phoneme alphabet='x-sampa' ph='ma"kal.a.st3`r'> Macalster </phoneme> College. They are researching the role of emotional labor in human-human and human-robot interactions. A'di is working in collaboration with the Children's Hospital of Los Angeles's Developmental Neuroscience Lab to study infant interactions and an NSF Convergence Accelerator grant to improve the interactions between individuals with physical disabilities and computers. Their research goal is to identify and minimize the emotional labor required in day to day interactions utilizing robots and multi-modal affective computing.
Mina Kian: Mina is a 3rd year PhD student. She is passionate about researching technological solutions to address the mental health endemic. Her research focuses on using Socially Assistive Robots to administer therapy to young adults in order to support their mental health. Mina is also a passionate mentor to multiple bright undergraduate researchers. In her spare time, Mina loves to dance and ski!
Amy O'Connell: Amy is a third year PhD student. Her research focuses on developing robot study companions to support college students with ADHD. These in dorm robots are designed to complete regular study sessions with the student and encourage them to complete schoolwork tasks. This work utilizes Blossom, a 3D printed robot with a soft crocheted exterior. Amy's team of undergraduate students built fifteen Blossom robots for their first three week in dorm study with USC students in the Spring of 2023.  
Zhonghao Shi: <phoneme alphabet='x-sampa' ph='dZhong"hao'> Zhonghao </phoneme> is a fourth-year PhD student. His research focuses on the personalization aspect of socially assistive robots. More specifically, by leveraging tools like computer vision and reinforcement learning algorithms, he aims to develop socially intelligent and assistive robots that can tailor human-robot interaction towards each user's unique needs and preferences. 
Kaleen Shrestha: This is Kayleen's desk. Kayleen Shrestha is a first-year PhD student at the Interaction Lab. Kayleen has a Bachelor's in Computer Science and Master's in Natural Language Processing from the University of California, Santa Cruz. Her research focuses on modeling conflict resolution. She is interested in exploring how robots can help children learn to deal with conflict, which is a fundamental social skill. 
stop7: Astro,<break time="1s"/> go to last stop of the tour
stop1: Astro,<break time="1s"/> go to first stop on the lab tour
stop5: Astro,<break time="1s"/>  go to stop number five
stop3: Astro,<break time="1s"/> go to stop three
stop2: Astro, <break time="1s"/> go to second stop
stop4: Astro, <break time="1s"/> go to stop number four
stop6: Astro,<break time="1s"/> go to the sixth stop of the tour
intro: Welcome to the USC Interaction Lab! The lab is led by prof. Maya Matahric, a chaired and distinguished professor of computer science, with appointments in neuroscience and pediatrics. She originally established the lab in 1995 at brandeis university. You can see the building of the original lab in the painting. The lab then moved to usc in 1997, and has grown ever since. The interaction lab focuses on research in socially assistive robotics--Human-robot interaction methods that support users in a variety of challenging contexts related to health and wellness. The lab's research has helped children with autism spectrum disorder improve social and cognitive skills, stroke patients to be motivated to do rehabilitation exercises, elderly users to be more physically active and socially connected, university students with ADHD to study more effectively, and users to practice cognitive behavioral therapy, mindful breathing, and other self-regulation strategies. The students in the interaction labs have conducted some of the most challenging and longest lasting user studies and data collections in the real world, including in therapy centers, schools, rehabilitation homes, nursing homes, and homes. We love what we do and hope our robots can keep getting better at helping people to be and do better. Now let's take a walk around the lab to hear about current Ph.D. Students and their research projects.
outro: That is the end of the tour! This interaction was put together by Undergraduate Students David Delgado and Joseph Liu. Thank you! I will hand the rest of the tour back to a human.